API documentation (#71)
dodona-edu/dodona-edu.github.io: en/guides/creating-an-api-token/README.md

## 1. Go to your profile page

> First, go to your profile page by clicking the link in the dropdown menu. Alternatively, you can enter the /profile URL in your searchbar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, go to your profile page by clicking the link in the dropdown menu. Alternatively, you can browse to [dodona.ugent.be/profile](https://dodona.ugent.be/profile).
```

![My Profile](./my-profile.png)

## 2. Create a token

> Scroll to the middle of the page and generate a new token by clicking the `+`-button. Fill in a description of your choice. This allows you to identify the token later on, as it tells you which program uses that specific token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scroll to the middle of the page and generate a new token by clicking the `+`-button. Fill in a description of your choice (ex. _pycharm_). This allows you to identify the token later on, as it tells you which program uses that specific token.
```
